Add The Stick keyboard (#11745)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/keebio/stick/readme.md

> The Stick
> =========
> 
> A 12-key macrostick keyboard made and sold by Keebio. [More info at Keebio](https://keeb.io).
> 
> Keyboard Maintainer: [Bakingpy/nooges](https://github.com/nooges)  
> Hardware Supported: Pro Micro, Elite-C, Proton C  
> Hardware Availability: [Keebio](https://keeb.io)  
> 
> Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):
> 
>     make keebio/stick:default
> 
> Example of flashing this keyboard:
> 
>     make keebio/stick:default:avrdude
> 
> See [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) then the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The Stick

A 12-key macrostick keyboard made and sold by Keebio. [More info at Keebio](https://keeb.io).

* Keyboard Maintainer: [Bakingpy/nooges](https://github.com/nooges)
* Hardware Supported: Pro Micro, Elite-C, Proton C
* Hardware Availability: [Keebio](https://keeb.io)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make keebio/stick:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make keebio/stick:default:flash

See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).
```
